[SPEAKER_00]: Fortnite is back on top of the Twitch stream directory, as Epic Games brought back the original map and other original release assets.
[SPEAKER_00]: Epic has now followed in the footsteps of Blizzards, Warcraft 3, Diablo 2, World of Warcraft, and StarCraft, also most of Nintendo's first-party library, and flagship titles that released around the transition of two of their consoles, and a star is born.
[SPEAKER_00]: Everything old is new again, now it's time for your hosts, Rob Roberts, Jamie Sommers, and Loki, to tell you more about this story and the rest of the week's gaming news.
[SPEAKER_00]: Starting right now on the show, where every gamer has a voice,
[SPEAKER_02]: hello my friends out there on the internet welcome back to another week of the show where every gamer has a voice it is orange lounge radio and we are live once again with episode number 980 of our show for tonight november the 5th of 2023
[SPEAKER_02]: I am Rob Roberts, here with you every week as we tape live at The Voice Geeks Network, twitch.tv slash VOG Network, 9 o'clock Eastern, 6 o'clock Pacific, right after the Bobby Blackwolf show, which if you forgot Daylight Savings, or the end of it, I guess, was last night, then you already heard Bobby's show, because you would have tuned in just in time for that.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura or Jamie Sommers
[SPEAKER_05]: Hi.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello, and I'm sure as you can kind of hear DarkSakura's voice is a little not the norm because she is recovering from something.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so the doctor has said you need to be on vocal rest, but she really wanted to be here and participate anyway.
[SPEAKER_04]: I had a sinus infection.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm off the antibiotics.
[SPEAKER_04]: I just finished my last dose.
[SPEAKER_04]: My voice is getting better, but I am on voice rest through Tuesday and possibly through the next weekend, depending on, you know, just trying to avoid what happened last time where my voice went out for three months.
[SPEAKER_02]: No fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, so Jamie's here, and she'll chime in when she feels like it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you might hear less of her tonight, because we're not going to give her stories.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just so you know, we can respect the whole fact that she's not supposed to be talking a lot.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'm really glad to hear that you're recovering.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I know this sounds weird, but you sound better than where I expected you to be, if that makes sense.
[SPEAKER_02]: So
[SPEAKER_04]: You have probably said all of 10 words aloud today.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm sucking down Manuka honey lozenges.
[SPEAKER_04]: Just helping.
[SPEAKER_04]: I did play some Cult of the Lamb last night.
[SPEAKER_04]: And just in saying hello to some people.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, my voice went right back out.
[SPEAKER_04]: So
[SPEAKER_02]: gotcha well chilling let me know if for whatever reason you can't keep hanging in there but we appreciate you being here and uh you can uh you can of course as we mentioned uh watch along with our show live and i'm sure dark soccer will be in chat because the voice may be broken but the fingers ain't so but unfortunately for our podcast folk i know it's hard to see the live chat if you're not here live so
[SPEAKER_02]: Let me go ahead and say hello to somebody whose voice is perfectly fine for better or for worse, however you want to interpret that.
[SPEAKER_01]: For average.
[SPEAKER_02]: Say hello to Loki.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_01]: Accidentally click on the video.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm kind of laughing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Stop.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm kind of laughing because the game you have playing behind you tonight on the feed is Naughty Bear.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, sometimes you have like a game playing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I actually recognize tonight's game too.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was curious, what inspired you to pick Naughty Bear tonight?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, just because I saw that article about how Naughty Bear skins being added to Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I thought that was such well, because I didn't realize that they had developed the game.
[SPEAKER_01]: So like, funny enough, I didn't either.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I was like, well, that's a weird video.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's like, I'm like, that's such a random franchise to license the the character from but I'm like, also thinking, but I bet it would be pretty cheap, because
[SPEAKER_01]: Trapper in his skin
[SPEAKER_02]: that the Naughty Bear game uses bear traps.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there actually is a connection.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because at first I was like, well, that's kind of random.
[SPEAKER_02]: But okay, I get it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's because it's like, it's an old school, you know, behavior, like a game and an old school behavior character or whatever.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I was like, Oh, that's but no, there actually is some connection to the actual game, which is interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yeah, they gave him a whole new killing animation or a Mori.
[SPEAKER_02]: And he looks like they did a good job with him.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think they did a good job of finding that balance of, you know, people aren't going to probably accept him as a licensed killer all on his own, but giving him a place in the game, which is cool.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, yeah, it's cool that, you know, people now find out what Naughty Bear is other than some random game that came out a long time ago that they had a bunch of promotional statues that I somehow ended up with a ton of at one time.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, have you have you had a chance to actually see what happens when the Naughty Bear kills somebody in Dead by Daylight?
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is kind of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let me quickly, while I'm doing this here, because I do love to do this live.
[SPEAKER_02]: But actually, let me ask DarkSakura while I get this up.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'll ask something that can be answered with a simple yes or no question.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that question would be, did you already pick up this skin?
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess maybe it's a two part.
[SPEAKER_02]: Number one, did you already pick up the skin?
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, part part two is gonna be do you plan to but I guess I guess that's that.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, this is a long video.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, no, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can actually show a little bit here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry, it's taking me a minute there.
[SPEAKER_02]: We got it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that's what it looks like in the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I thought there's a section Oh, maybe it's right here.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I thought, yeah, there you go.
[SPEAKER_04]: No, that's the start of a match.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'll find you the actual Mori.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it's probably towards the Oh, yeah, here it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: I see it in the preview.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there we go.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they're dragging the person I'll describe this a podcast listener.
[SPEAKER_02]: So the bear kind of Oh, what is this?
[SPEAKER_04]: Oh, no.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, they spliced in their own crap.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hate it when YouTubers do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they they like chop the person in half and then drop them on the ground into the bear trap and the bear trap like closes on their head.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I know that sounds extremely gruesome, but dead by daylight is also kind of limited in the gore it can show.
[SPEAKER_02]: So a lot of it is implied.
[SPEAKER_02]: So
[SPEAKER_04]: And Rob, the thing about the Mori is that the narrator from Naughty Bear talks.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I didn't know that.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's really funny.
[SPEAKER_04]: And there's also when you, you know, in the lobby and there's also if you pee 100 while you're wearing the Naughty Bear skin, you get a special congratulatory message from the narrator.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my gosh, that's funny.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry, it's sometimes a little hard to do the YouTubes on the fly.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my gosh, I lost the channel.
[SPEAKER_02]: There we go.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Love to do things live.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: anyway yeah orange right in our chat uh over at twitch tv slash VOG network says minecraft jump scare yeah it was something like that uh bobby blackwolf says i just checked and i do not actually own naughty bear on xbox 360 i thought that maybe i'd kept it but no i probably sold it or gave it away i didn't even know you actually owned that at some point bobby to be honest though
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, well, let's get into gaming news from the week and pretty big.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a one company show that happened this weekend, but it's a company that puts together a lot of games.
[SPEAKER_02]: Most of them have huge online followings.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so a lot of people travel to Anaheim
[SPEAKER_02]: to be at BlizzCon, which we're gonna talk about here at the top of the show.
[SPEAKER_02]: In fact, I was at BlizzCon, and I just realized when they said during the opening keynote this week, we announced Overwatch in 2014, nine years ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was the BlizzCon I was at.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was at BlizzCon the year they announced Overwatch.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that was nine years ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't even believe it, how time flies.
[SPEAKER_02]: But this BlizzCon was notable because, in some ways, because it was the first one they've done
[SPEAKER_02]: since 2019, since COVID, and since, you know, all that stuff came to light about Blizzard and Activision, and let's be real, the rest of the game industry, unfortunately, about the shitty behavior towards
[SPEAKER_02]: women, and etc.
[SPEAKER_02]: Other underrepresented communities in gaming.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, you know, I think there was a lot riding on Blizzard as well to kind of get that right.
[SPEAKER_02]: A lot of faces have changed, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will say there was a virtual year because I seem to remember Jay Allard, but maybe that was 2019.
[SPEAKER_02]: Everything kind of blurs together.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think there was also a virtual year, but this was the first like big year back at the Anaheim Convention Center.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you can also feel
[SPEAKER_02]: There's been transitions because this is the first time you get to see Mike Ibarra, who's now the CEO of Blizzard, take the stage.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I got the sense from him he was a little nervous.
[SPEAKER_02]: He responded a lot to what was going on in the crowd, which you're really not supposed to do, but it was kind of endearing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I was fine with his presence, and he shared the stage with a lot of different people.
[SPEAKER_02]: There were, thankfully, multiple POC throughout Blizzard that showed up.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe two, but multiple.
[SPEAKER_02]: Multiple women that took the stage, including probably one of the longest.
[SPEAKER_02]: I did not even realize the person behind Warcraft at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: Holly, I think her name is, probably had the longest of anybody to talk on the stage.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it was nice to see a little more diversity on the stage than maybe what we would have seen five years ago at any company's game announcements, that's for sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway, let's talk about what they actually talked about.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, do you want to give me some stuff to kind of punt back and forth with here, remind me of some things they talked about at BlizzCon?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, aside from the fact that the whole event seemed to be very disorganized.
[SPEAKER_01]: I guess they're a little rusty for not having done it for a few years.
[SPEAKER_02]: I saw there were people having problems getting in.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, lines like ridiculous lines that like wrapped blocks around the area.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know that like the opening ceremony was not in the usual place,
[SPEAKER_02]: And so it was in a smaller place, and you had to get a ticket to get in there.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm sorry, if I paid to go to BlizzCon, and if I had to watch the opening ceremonies on a fucking TV, I'd be pissed.
[SPEAKER_02]: And apparently, tickets to BlizzCon were still available the day of the show.
[SPEAKER_02]: That does not happen.
[SPEAKER_02]: BlizzCon has been notorious for selling out.
[SPEAKER_02]: So the response
[SPEAKER_02]: maybe not exactly where I don't know if they were trying to accommodate more people by opening up another hall or what they were trying to do and I'm not trying to poo-poo on BlizzCon because I do know people that went and had a really good time but I'm just saying I would have been pissed if I had to watch the opening ceremony on the TV when I paid all that money to be there you know what I mean it would have been $600 for two of us to go to BlizzCon
[SPEAKER_02]: and I would have been pissed if we watched it on TV.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm sure, you know what, I'm sure similar to TwitchCon, here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: If I did go to BlizzCon, it would be like how I approach TwitchCon.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's about the community.
[SPEAKER_02]: And if you go to BlizzCon, it's about your guild.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's about the people you play Diablo with.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's about the people you play Overwatch with, or whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm sure most people I know that actually went probably got their rewards from that, and that's cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: I would have loved to go, but I also, I don't play
[SPEAKER_02]: Overwatch Announcements
[SPEAKER_01]: So one of which I guess was a new hero that was leaked out, Maga.
[SPEAKER_01]: And I guess he wields dual chain guns.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that sounds pretty cool.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, he looks like a new character.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think a new character being unveiled is what you would expect from a keynote for Overwatch.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: They have a new game mode called Clash.
[SPEAKER_01]: which I guess is like sort of like a tug-of-war mode.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then they're also reworking.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's two new heroes, or two other heroes, Venture and Space Ranger, are being teased.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think Space Ranger is the final name, but they're showing like concepts of new characters.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right, exactly.
[SPEAKER_01]: Space Ranger would be such a generic name.
[SPEAKER_01]: What else?
[SPEAKER_01]: Uh, so, uh, yeah, Diablo 4 is getting a new expansion called the Vessel of Hatred.
[SPEAKER_01]: Great title, and that is gonna be coming out late next year.
[SPEAKER_01]: A little bit surprising to me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, it is and it isn't.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, it's no surprise that Diablo 4 is getting an expansion.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a surprise that it's slated a year and a half after the initial release of the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there's going to be a lot of people who are going to look at that and go, money grab.
[SPEAKER_02]: MoneyGrab
[SPEAKER_02]: I will say this, the strongest part of Diablo 4 was the main campaign, and I think where people lose Diablo 4 is in some of the endgame stuff, which I do believe has been patched to get better.
[SPEAKER_02]: As somebody who's a fan of Diablo, I think Season 2 is in a way better place than Season 1 was.
[SPEAKER_02]: I, and so I say that because the new story in an expansion will be very interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: But is it going to be $50 interesting if that's what they end up charging?
[SPEAKER_01]: And I'm making that guess based on- They'll charge it because it's a premium because you gotta, you know, you gotta pay that premium for games nowadays.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then $10 for the battle pass.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then, so it's a little, I don't know, and I'm a fan of Diablo, but even I'm looking at this going, y'all better make it worth it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Or I'm,
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I'll sit here and go, I'm not going to buy it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, I probably will, but maybe I won't if I'm angry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe I won't if I'm angry enough.
[SPEAKER_01]: What else?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, so they've also got, of course, for Hearthstone, there is going to be an expansion coming for that as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's a Wild West theme called Showdown in the Badlands.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that is coming out actually in a couple of weeks here.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then along with that, they're going to have some Ketchup Packs that they're going to be adding to allow you to collect cards that were part of, they said, for the last two years of constructed play.
[SPEAKER_02]: Every time that woman from Hearthstone said Ketchup Packs, I thought she said Ketchup Pack.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, like, do you need me to get you Ketchup Packs at Wendy's for your fries?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like that's every time.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a brand new Heinz pack.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then they also had, I guess, Hearthstone Battlegrounds is a co-op game mode that is one of those like auto battle, auto rumbler type things like they said, like team fight tactics.
[SPEAKER_01]: That sounds extremely mobile, but cool, I guess.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hearthstone was kind of designed to be the iPad game, honestly.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it does have, you know, mobile and, you know, desktop
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, and speaking of mobile, they've got that Warcraft rumble coming out on mobile devices.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's basically like Clash of Clans.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's how I played it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm going to be honest, I didn't think it was very good.
[SPEAKER_02]: It struck me as a sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there's going to be people who disagree with me, and that's fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it struck me as a tower defense game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I know it's not exactly that before people jump in and correct me, but to me, it felt like I was playing a tower defense game.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I was like, OK, tower defense games were fun 10 years ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I thought we were kind of past that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, I wasn't super big on the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's one of those cases where this game is for somebody that somebody is not me.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's OK.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see, World of Warcraft, of course, they announced that Cataclysm is coming to World of Warcraft Classic.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's going to be out the first half of next year.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's controversial because Cataclysm was sort of the reason why people wanted WoW Classic in the first place.
[SPEAKER_01]: because it's just going to become WoW.
[SPEAKER_02]: WoW Classic is WoW.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's just WoW 10 years behind.
[SPEAKER_02]: For those that forgot, WoW Cataclysm changed the original world to bring it up to the level that, you know, it basically hasn't changed since then.
[SPEAKER_02]: The old world, you know, and brought flying to the old world and everything.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it changed.
[SPEAKER_04]: And so people wanted- It was the expansion that got me into the game again.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Alan played Cataclysm an awful lot too.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'm not saying Cataclysm doesn't have its fans, but I think this release is still going to be controversial.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it will be less controversial
[SPEAKER_02]: if WoW continues to split some of their classic servers.
[SPEAKER_02]: As they have done, Wrath of the Lich King exists in one bubble, and then true WoW classic exists in another bubble, and then WoW classic hardcore exists in another bubble.
[SPEAKER_02]: But existing in no bubble currently is Burning Crusade.
[SPEAKER_02]: Those servers were bumped up to Wrath of the Lich King, like it or not, which I actually think is okay, because
[SPEAKER_02]: Wrath of the Lich King didn't change that much about Burning Crusade content.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I sort of think as long as they keep a bubble for Wrath of the Lich King, when they open up Cataclysm servers, I think everybody will be satisfied.
[SPEAKER_02]: Those that want to go to Cata can go to Cata.
[SPEAKER_02]: Those that want to stay on Wrath can stay on Wrath.
[SPEAKER_02]: I liked Cata because that's when Atonement Priests were stupid powerful.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I wouldn't mind playing that again.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I also like Wrath of the Lich King for its own reasons.
[SPEAKER_02]: So be interesting.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then, let's see, what else?
[SPEAKER_01]: So they also announced the, what is it?
[SPEAKER_01]: Season of Discovery, which they're teasing new content.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's going to start with a level 25 cap and will increase as time goes on.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is controversial.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is very controversial because this is new content for WoW Classic.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there are going to be those that say, WoW Classic does not need new content.
[SPEAKER_02]: I have to admit,
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought this was the most interesting Warcraft related thing they announced and I'd like to play it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know if it's because I'm kind of in that mindset where I enjoy seasonal gameplay.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like it in No Man's Sky.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like it in Diablo.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think the concept is interesting in Warcraft.
[SPEAKER_02]: 25 is not an incredibly high level.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like that it kind of gives an optional thing to do that kind of continues
[SPEAKER_02]: what is happening in WoW Classic.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it's neat.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'd like to try it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know, but I know it's not going to be well-received by everybody because, you know, it's, oh, what are they doing?
[SPEAKER_02]: Putting the season content in our game, da-da-da-da-da.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's valid.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I think it's kind of exciting that now it's like the classic mechanism of the game
[SPEAKER_02]: exists with the modern mechanism of the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: And what will be interesting when WoW Cataclysm comes out, a middle of the road version of the game that bridges the two is very, very interesting to me.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's going to be weird to see how they do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura in chat says, I really am not sure it's possible to recapture the magic.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I will say in my experience with Wrath of the Lich King, it hasn't.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, it's been neat.
[SPEAKER_02]: But again, it just goes to show Warcraft
[SPEAKER_02]: is made better by the people.
[SPEAKER_02]: And if you have the right people to play the game with and explore with, it's, you know, when Alan and I were first dating 13 years ago, or a long time ago, we would play, wow, Cataclysm, funny enough, was the expansion that was out at the time, because I remember he raided Firelands and did all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But it was a great way for us because he lived two and a half hour drive from me in South San Francisco, and I lived up here in Sacramento.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it was a really great way for us to be able to
[SPEAKER_02]: hang out quote unquote during the week before I got in the car on Friday and went to go see him on the weekend so again but you know I doubt he's gonna want to play Cataclysm and I'm kind of like I'll play it for a minute you know just to go like oh this is fun oh I love Detonement Priest but if the people aren't there then it's just gonna be like oh okay I'm over it
[SPEAKER_02]: So DarkSakura doing some reminiscing in our chat, shouting out our old Guild Danger Squad and her mage, Rebecca Black.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry, Rebecca Black was a Paladin, if I remember right.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then, of course, my character was Sassy Pants, the one and only.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: So.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, sorry, Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: Trip down memory lane.
[SPEAKER_01]: World Soul Saga War Within
[SPEAKER_01]: And, um, along with that, they also announced that the last Titan is going to be coming, I think, after that.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's like, I think, I guess this World Soul Saga is going to be multiple expansions that they're going to be doing.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is overarching story thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: most Blizzcons, we give you one expansion, but this one we're going to give you one, two, three expansions.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ah, there's a second one in there called Midnight.
[SPEAKER_02]: That is between the two, but they didn't really talk about Midnight or the Titan because they were focused on getting people to pre order that first one the Wrath of the what was it called?
[SPEAKER_02]: I forgot the name of it.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, it was the, oh yeah, I see Midnight in there.
[SPEAKER_01]: So the War Within.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's it, the War Within.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I just, because I'm 12, every time I would hear the War Within, I just, my brain, it goes, my ass.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, it's just like, I can't hear that name and not go, The War Within.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's my ass.
[SPEAKER_02]: Especially Chris Metzen, you know, returning to Blizzard, being up on that stage going, The War Within.
[SPEAKER_02]: And my 12 year old brain goes, My ass.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, so what is the World Soul Saga?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's basically Final Fantasy 14's Zodiac story.
[SPEAKER_02]: And here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not going to say that Warcraft is completely ripping off Final Fantasy XIV, because in turn, Final Fantasy XIV A Realm Reborn was heavily inspired by, ironically, Cataclysm from World of Warcraft.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yoshi P. and his team played World of Warcraft Cataclysm
[SPEAKER_02]: in reinventing the world for Final Fantasy XIV A Realm Reborn.
[SPEAKER_02]: So Final Fantasy XIV was in turn inspired by Warcraft, but it's very interesting to see now some of the ways, and I mentioned this when I was talking about my reviews for Dragonflight, is I was like, gee, BlizzCon suddenly feels like they need to do more with cutscenes and telling the story through this.
[SPEAKER_02]: I wonder what, and the new Warcraft interface sure feels a lot like another game I've played,
[SPEAKER_02]: But, and I don't have a problem with any of that, because I think that this competition between the two games is extraordinarily healthy.
[SPEAKER_02]: So this announcement was just kind of funny to me, because I was like, oh, so they saw that Final Fantasy XIV did a 10-year story, basically, with the Zodiark saga, you know, that started in Realm Reborn and ended with Endwalker.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so they have basically said, hey, for the next, you know, we're doing our own saga.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's a way for them to say,
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a great time to come back to Warcraft and that was said by Chris Metzen multiple times.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now's the time to get your sword and come back to World of Warcraft because a new story is beginning and you don't want to miss it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's that's the whole sales pitch with this thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so them outlining is like it was basically a here's the fucking receipts that we're we are invested in a multiple year storyline to see this game through here's the receipts.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, again, I think the quality of the game is what's important.
[SPEAKER_02]: And similar to Diablo 4 and its expansion, some folks are already noticing that War Within, my ass, is already available to pre-order for $50.
[SPEAKER_02]: And you can look at some, and of course there's a $70 Legendary Edition and I think a $90, you know, literally in your ass edition.
[SPEAKER_01]: Are they taking the content of one expansion and spreading it over three?
[SPEAKER_01]: Are they pulling an EA Sports type thing with that?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know if I would go that far, but based on the content they showed at BlizzCon, and I understand there may be more to come, but based on the content they showed at BlizzCon,
[SPEAKER_02]: Four new zones, no new classes, one new allied race.
[SPEAKER_02]: It does seem like there's less content than what you would expect in a normal expansion, but yet they're charging the same price.
[SPEAKER_02]: That is going to be a sticking point.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, again, maybe there's more to come, so we should give them the benefit of the doubt in that regard.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I'm not convinced to drop $50 just yet.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know for me, the benefit of the doubt's always worked out when it comes to the gaming industry.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: Always.
[SPEAKER_01]: Always trusting the game industry to do the right thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I find the plan interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it is a gamble, but I think Warcraft has to take a gamble.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think, again, the fact that BlizzCon did not sell out tickets.
[SPEAKER_02]: It did well, and I'm not shitting on BlizzCon by any means.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't want people to take that away.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was happy to watch it at home and you know the Diablo stuff of course has me pumped even even if I'm a little iffy on the expansion but you know there's a lot of time to go I really like what I really liked about Diablo was we've still got more stuff coming to season two and a Christmas themed event or you know holiday themed event and uh in season my cow level in
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, they haven't brought that yet, but then they're already talking about some of the things for season three and leaderboards and some of these other things that they're putting in the game without needing an expansion to do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it really sounds like the expansion is really going to be focused on story, which is fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: Again, that was the best part of Diablo.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway, there was a lot about BlizzCon I liked, but you can't help but notice, gosh, usually you can't get a ticket to BlizzCon if you weren't on your computer pounding that refresh key the day tickets went on sale.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was not the case this year.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Bobby Blackwolf points out it's not the only event that hasn't sold out immediately since returning after 2020.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think, I think it's still worth pointing out, not everybody is still comfortable with the concept of getting in a big room full of people.
[SPEAKER_02]: There are still plenty of people out there and everybody has the right to make that choice judgment free.
[SPEAKER_02]: If they are like, you know what, I am going to stay home and do the virtual version.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thousands of people, pretty much, I would say probably 98% of them not, probably 99% of them not wearing masks, if TwitchCon's any guide, just not the space for me to be at this time.
[SPEAKER_02]: and that could have an impact on this as we've seen with you know other events too so um all of that should be taken into account I suppose sure but there there was hundreds was what maybe like 160 000 people when I glanced at the counter watching on uh twitch and that's just twitch not youtube or any other stuff so um there were plenty of people online watching it seemed so
[SPEAKER_01]: to get
[SPEAKER_02]: We know more at Twitch, you know, so that's, you know, probably the con we'll choose to go to moving forward.
[SPEAKER_02]: Depending on when a possible, well, there won't be a 14 FanFest next year.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's every other year.
[SPEAKER_02]: So that makes that decision easier.
[SPEAKER_01]: Do you think that they would do something?
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, I don't remember.
[SPEAKER_01]: Was Call of Duty part of this?
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: Presentation?
[SPEAKER_01]: Or is it just Blizzard?
[SPEAKER_02]: I wonder if they would try to like... Nothing Microsoft, nothing Activision, only Blizzard.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm wondering if they would consider bringing in Activision stuff to try to get the numbers up.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know, hard to say.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's something that's always surprised me in my years of going to Final Fantasy XIV FanFest as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: As I always kind of said, I said, I'm surprised they don't turn this more into a Final Fantasy, without a number, FanFest.
[SPEAKER_02]: And of course, put most of the content in 14, you're bread and butter.
[SPEAKER_02]: But like, I remember the last time I went, which was not this last one, I went to the one before, which was pre-COVID.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was a long time ago at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was the one where they announced, not Endwalker,
[SPEAKER_02]: Shadowbringer
[SPEAKER_02]: BlizzCon 2021
[SPEAKER_01]: No, I meant like, I mean I guess technically Activision Blizzard, but like I just thought like the Activision title since it's technically same company-ish, you know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, but I also have a feeling that Phil Spencer's leadership is going to lead to Blizzard being more independent.
[SPEAKER_02]: and especially him taking the stage at BlizzCon and kind of explicitly saying that we respect what Blizzard is, it actually has me hopeful.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because again, throughout this whole process,
[SPEAKER_02]: where I've been like, Bobby Kotek needs to go.
[SPEAKER_02]: We know that's happening at the beginning of the year.
[SPEAKER_02]: Phil Spencer, I don't love big fish eating other big fish, but if anybody seems to fucking get it right now, Phil Spencer does seem to be a decent CEO in the gaming industry, which are slim fucking pickings these days, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: So Phil Spencer does seem to get it, and I got the vibe.
[SPEAKER_02]: He didn't say it explicitly, but I got his vibe that he's like,
[SPEAKER_02]: Blizzard worked very well as an independent organization.
[SPEAKER_02]: We will continue to honor that.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I think Microsoft would be foolish to not sneak other games in the next BlizzCon, have a little section of the hall for some other games that might appeal to some of the BlizzCon audience.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, you got like all those different studios doing different RPGs and stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: I would think that that would work.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fantasy Star Online 2 is a big Microsoft thing that yeah, I know it's Sega, but you know, it's a big thing on Xbox.
[SPEAKER_02]: Why not have just some computers to check that out?
[SPEAKER_02]: Or, you know, again, you know, just just it doesn't have to be the focus.
[SPEAKER_02]: It doesn't have to be the announcements, but just one of those like recommendation because you watch this YouTube, you might like these other things.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think it is foolish to completely leave those out.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that's, you know, I guess if they were there, somebody would bitch that, oh, Microsoft's taken over.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're taking over our community.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, but like, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's talk about that for a second.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry, I didn't mean this Blizzcon thing to go on for an hour, but I will say there's something that wasn't there that kind of surprised me.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that was all of this talk about Heroes of the Storm possibly coming back because Heroes of the Storm, which was, you know, their answer to League of Legends, Dota 2, it was their MOBA, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: I shouldn't say was, the game still exists, but it has existed in a
[SPEAKER_02]: uh, basically steady status only.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're done supporting it anymore.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, for the last two years.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's there.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's been in a state of it's there for two years.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was a big patch that came out a couple weeks ago, about a month ago, that had, and it was like, we're balancing characters.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're changing things.
[SPEAKER_02]: That had a lot of people thinking, Oh shit, BlizzCon's going to announce a Heroes of the Storm revival.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, there was another camp saying, oh, well if Microsoft just bought Warcraft and when Phil Spencer hits the stage, they're going to announce World of Warcraft coming to Xbox.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's going to be the big announcement.
[SPEAKER_02]: And of course, that was not announced, even though Xbox is showing it can pull off an MMO.
[SPEAKER_02]: But here I am, here's the thing, and this is the thing that blows my mind.
[SPEAKER_02]: Why didn't anybody suggest this?
[SPEAKER_02]: Take those two things I just talked about and combine them.
[SPEAKER_02]: I thought Heroes of the Storm would release on Xbox, and that was going to be the big news, because that game especially would work very well on console, I believe, as many MOBAs do.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, I think they could.
[SPEAKER_01]: It just surprised me.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just it's early to do all that.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that's the development time.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I think that could probably happen.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's just right now it's development time.
[SPEAKER_01]: And, you know, they probably weren't
[SPEAKER_01]: They were probably chummy with Microsoft, but the deal wasn't solidified yet, so... It may just give it some time.
[SPEAKER_01]: But yeah, I could totally see that stuff happening at some point.
[SPEAKER_02]: TigerClaw says, WoW coming to Xbox would require a mouse and keyboard to play unless they figure out a way to adapt it to work with controllers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, Final Fantasy has shown you can do an MMO with controllers, not just that, I mean, Phantasy Star again, you know, there's plenty of MMOs that do work with controllers.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, it would take a rethinking of WoW from a very, you know, but also you can technically hook up a mouse and keyboard to the systems.
[SPEAKER_02]: So but I get that
[SPEAKER_02]: Again, and this is why I didn't expect Warcraft coming to Xbox to be this soon.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's going to take a fundamental reinvention of some aspects of Warcraft that I don't think, you know, and now with a 10-year commitment to the story, I don't know if we're gonna see that at some point.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a long game at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that's why I'm like, but the the dormant properties make a lot of sense to drove up new interest by putting them on Xbox.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think Heroes of the Storm on Xbox would be huge.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I can't believe nobody.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm somebody out there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sure did.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not like singular in my thinking.
[SPEAKER_02]: But no, the the wave did not pick up on that line of thought.
[SPEAKER_02]: That may be a different
[SPEAKER_02]: StarCraft 3
[SPEAKER_02]: So anyway, we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, let's move on from Blizzard.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games that we have been playing this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: I will go to DarkSakura to see what she wants to say here.
[SPEAKER_04]: Had to unmute.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's fine.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know any point while I'm muted, but whatever.
[SPEAKER_04]: I played Dead by Daylight.
[SPEAKER_04]: and I've played Cult of the Lamb last night.
[SPEAKER_04]: I didn't want to start a Treasure of the Rudress until I can speak to make commentary on it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've played a lot of Dreamlight Valley and I got a game called Stonehearth
[SPEAKER_04]: I think is what it's called.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I actually picked it up because I watched Matthew Cote play it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was there on his birthday stream.
[SPEAKER_04]: The guy from Behavior, that Matthew Cote.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it looked really cute and really fun, so I got it.
[SPEAKER_04]: I haven't had a chance to start it yet.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I've played a little bit of pinball and
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, how was your commute?
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, it's all Minecraft, as usual.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I split my time between Channel 64 stuff, where I built a giant storage room, or still building a giant storage room.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's pretty much done.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then also the Guardian XP farm, so I have that coming back in my next episode as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then also, I think...
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, this week was Halloween.
[SPEAKER_01]: I put out my first episode of the Deep Dark World series, which I had done before, and now it's on RazeWorks' server, so I'm doing that.
[SPEAKER_01]: I've been filming stuff on there as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: I played that for quite a bit today, setting up different things, and hopefully going to get another episode of that out soon.
[SPEAKER_01]: Trying to go back and forth between Channel 64 and the Razorworks one.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm kind of disappointed that he's not going to make content for it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, he's streaming from it, but he said he's not going to do a YouTube series on it because people are more interested in the new update stuff that's coming out.
[SPEAKER_01]: So.
[SPEAKER_01]: Fine, it's fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: But I have a giant build I planned for it already, and it's gonna be ridiculously large, because that's what I do.
[SPEAKER_01]: I can't do anything simple.
[SPEAKER_01]: Heh.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, um, look forward to that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright.
[SPEAKER_02]: My gaming week, so obviously I'm still playing Diablo 4 in Season 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: My character hit level 61, which is notable because it took me 8 days to hit level... wait, are we on 8 days?
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe 9?
[SPEAKER_02]: Remember, I didn't play the first day, it took me a week, but it was about 8 or 9 days I got to level 61, which in contrast, the entire time between
[SPEAKER_02]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'll probably do that again if not this week, then probably next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: This week's a little busy for me personally, so we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Until you get to the weekend, then I have like a completely free weekend.
[SPEAKER_02]: But just during the week randomly got very busy for me, so we'll see when I get to one of those.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I did play other stuff too, don't worry.
[SPEAKER_02]: I finally
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, you know, it took me a week to get to Diablo 4 Season 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: It took me a week and a half to get to Super Mario Wonder, which I finally played on the Nintendo Switch, and I did a stream of that game.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, you know, when it started and there was a very basic title screen and kind of not a lot of setup to it, I was like, all right, I guess we're just kind of getting up and going in.
[SPEAKER_02]: But to be fair, I mean, didn't any classic Mario game, I guess, kind of start like that?
[SPEAKER_02]: So sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then I jumped right in and I was like, OK, this game's cute.
[SPEAKER_02]: This game's really cute.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, you know, I like how they kind of took the touch fuzzy, get dizzy concept, which everybody remembers that if you ever played Super Mario World 2, you know, the Yoshi and the Crying Babies game, you remember the touch fuzzy, get dizzy level.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was iconic.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm not saying they took that literal effect and put it in the game, but they took a game's, you know, the stage changes type of mechanic and put it into Wonder.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think part of the reason why people are loving Wonder is that what that mechanic is essentially changes every time.
[SPEAKER_02]: The different enemies in the game change every level, you're learning new stuff, you're finding new stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so it's like, dang, there's a lot of stuff to figure out.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's where the wonder is, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, it's the wonder of finding all these new mechanics and doing these different things.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I you know, it's it is a lot of fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: The one if I have to find something to nitpick on in this game, I mean, it's a great 2d Mario game, people are eating it up.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I do see why I'm gonna say
[SPEAKER_02]: even though I might get a little bit of, you know, pushback on it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I did enjoy Odyssey a little bit more, just because I think even that sense, which is weird if you consider my history with 2D and 3D Marios, because historically I haven't been into 3D Marios, but I loved Odyssey.
[SPEAKER_02]: And like the Wonder in that game, I think just for me was at a whole other level.
[SPEAKER_02]: But don't get me wrong, I really like Super Mario Wonder,
[SPEAKER_02]: but I'm not so sure about all this talk of best Mario game.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I also haven't finished it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So maybe the best is yet to come.
[SPEAKER_02]: We shall see.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I like it an awful lot.
[SPEAKER_02]: I like the things they do with this mechanic.
[SPEAKER_02]: What I don't like, I don't like what they did with online.
[SPEAKER_02]: I understand what they were trying to do with the shadow, the ghosts and the stands to
[SPEAKER_02]: kind of help you in a pinch there that I think it's I think it's all so stinking distracting from what you're actually trying to from actually trying to play the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: It might be interesting if you're going back trying to clean up levels.
[SPEAKER_02]: And ultimately, that's probably how you find some of the more difficult to find wonder seeds.
[SPEAKER_02]: Instead of going on to YouTube to look it up, you could just turn on multiplayer and watch where the other people go, and you could probably figure it out that way.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's probably where that gets good, but as far as, like, just starting the game and being in the first couple levels and stuff, I thought the online was bad.
[SPEAKER_02]: Darthusia says, well, I think isn't the online stuff by default?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, but right about the time you get to that bridge between the first and the second world, the game strongly encourages you to turn it on.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I don't think you should, to be honest.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, they got to sell you those Nintendo online passes.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Why?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, that's true.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's true.
[SPEAKER_02]: But, you know, again, maybe it's because I'm at a different point in the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: And it's it's I understand people are going to have different viewpoints.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: But just for me, I thought the online was distracting and not relevant to what I was trying to do.
[SPEAKER_02]: So this is what it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: but I do like the game and I do recommend it.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, because here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: If nothing else, Nintendo, and for all the shit they get about being behind on the tech game, being behind on the online game, and all these places where Nintendo lacks, Nintendo continues to knock it out of the fucking park by giving us a solid, relatively bug-free, I know y'all are gonna find bugs, I know the speedrunning community has found their way through it, but you know what I mean.
[SPEAKER_02]: compared to other games comparable games on the market a relatively bug free solid fucking game out the gate for the price they're charging I will say Nintendo if nothing else is the company you can trust
[SPEAKER_02]: to not sell a $50 expansion later on for Mario Wonder 2, Mario Wonderful, Mario Wonderous, and that whole thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Nintendo delivers a rock-solid fucking experience out of the gate, and I will absolutely give them that, despite any of my maybe little negative blips I've just put out there about Mario Wonder.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, um, let's see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Other than that, I played a little bit of Theatrhythm because I realized I'm so behind on the DLC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Did y'all know the Final Fantasy XVI music DLC finally came out this last week?
[SPEAKER_02]: And it does add a new category.
[SPEAKER_02]: Unlike the other DLC, it adds a Final Fantasy XVI category.
[SPEAKER_02]: I was bored and I did a
[SPEAKER_02]: No commentary playthrough on my personal channel, just for fun.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I played through all the songs in XVI.
[SPEAKER_02]: I found that I liked some of the songs better now that I kind of heard them through theatrhythm, because you might remember the soundtrack ended up being kind of a disappointment in XVI, considering that Soken is like a fucking legend when it comes to Final Fantasy XIV.
[SPEAKER_02]: But when you put the XVI music side by side with XIII, XII, XI, and the games before it that weren't XIV,
[SPEAKER_02]: It holds its own next to 12.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's on par with 12 or 13.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's some really good songs.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's some filler songs.
[SPEAKER_02]: So you know, that's, that's fine.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I do recommend the 16 DLC if you didn't already buy the Uber Pass for Theatrhythm.
[SPEAKER_02]: If you did buy the Uber Pass for Theatrhythm, here's your reminder.
[SPEAKER_02]: You've probably missed a lot of DLC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Did you know Bravely Default and Bravely Default 2 came out?
[SPEAKER_02]: Did you know Xenogears came out?
[SPEAKER_02]: Did you know Secret of Mana came out?
[SPEAKER_02]: You might be a little bit behind.
[SPEAKER_02]: So here's your little reminder to go back to theatrhythm, especially if you bought that Uber pack, because you're probably missing a lot of DLC.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know I was.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there's that.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was basically it for my gaming week.
[SPEAKER_02]: So let's get into some gaming news.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, oh boy, this is DJRamaS says, I bought the UberPack.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thanks, Rob.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're welcome.
[SPEAKER_02]: I knew it wouldn't just be me.
[SPEAKER_02]: So for all those of you, if you if you dumped a shit ton of money on theater when it first came out, here is your reminder.
[SPEAKER_02]: Cash it in.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's content waiting for you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Go get it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Enjoy.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, let's talk about Silent Hill.
[SPEAKER_01]: Ascension.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have to.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh man, remember at the beginning of this year when they did the Silent Hill Direct, we were so excited for Silent Hill.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, yes, there was that nagging voice.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's that nagging voice going, is Konami going to get this right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Is Konami really going to get this right?
[SPEAKER_04]: And as it turns out, the answer is clusterfuck.
[SPEAKER_01]: So Silent Hill Ascension is a weird thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's basically like a live stream that you have like a choose your own adventure aspect to that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Except the choose your own adventure part, you pay to make votes, which is strange.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's emotes and then there's a chat and they have episodes that air nightly that are 15 minutes long.
[SPEAKER_01]: And of course, you know, because it's an online chat, it just evolves into garbage.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because that's just what's going on.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so of course, you know...
[SPEAKER_01]: They even, I think, allowed you to do, like, these super chat things.
[SPEAKER_01]: I think by just, like, you got one or something for signing up as a, you know, a user on this.
[SPEAKER_01]: And so, of course, I was spamming the most ridiculous things.
[SPEAKER_01]: Some of the ones that they note in the article here.
[SPEAKER_01]: It says, apparently, people wanted Pyramid Head's cummy in my tummy and Pyramid Head to appear with big boing boing.
[SPEAKER_01]: need PyramidHead to impregnate me.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, wonderful things that they add to the experience that is just pretty bad overall.
[SPEAKER_01]: I tried watching a little bit of... I'm sorry, that was PyramidHead what?
[SPEAKER_01]: Wants to impregnate... Someone announced that they need PyramidHead to impregnate me.
[SPEAKER_01]: So whoever that user was, I just want to say not me, because that's just ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_02]: In 21 years of doing Orange Lounge Radio, the editorial decision to make Loki read this story is by far my smartest decision as a producer.
[SPEAKER_01]: Exactly.
[SPEAKER_01]: It says apparently it says
[SPEAKER_01]: Apparently they had pulled the chat for the second episode because they're still working out things.
[SPEAKER_01]: It says, up until we can figure out how we handle the moderation queue, we're going to limit chat to stickers and hopefully I can get emojis in there too.
[SPEAKER_01]: Wow.
[SPEAKER_01]: So yeah, it's bad.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's bad.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then I guess the actual game, if you will, itself is also bad and absurd.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, um, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they have a battle pass because of course they do.
[SPEAKER_01]: And apparently, uh, the funny enough, uh, Hideo Kojima, uh, I think his name is banned in chat.
[SPEAKER_01]: which is weird.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, if you say it three times, he'll appear, you know.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, I guess it is safe that they do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: It looks bad.
[SPEAKER_01]: I watched clips of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's really funny because I think Jamie stepped AFK or something because her avatar is doing all this crazy like neck spinning around things and all that stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm like, honestly, exactly my reaction to the news on this game.
[SPEAKER_02]: and all the talk about microtransactions and stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like Questbuster in chat says, people were upset over the microtransactions too.
[SPEAKER_02]: One of the memes showed a letter from one of the other Silent Hill games, only they cut it off and asked for 5,000 influencer points to read the rest of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: As if somebody wouldn't just copy it and put it on the internet for people to read for free.
[SPEAKER_01]: Influencer points?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, QuestBuster elaborates.
[SPEAKER_02]: From what I understand, to vote for community decisions in the game, you need influencer points that you can grind by doing puzzles and playing the game.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what that's like?
[SPEAKER_02]: That's like you need to call 1-900-AMERICAN-IDOL-01 to vote for Clay Aiken.
[SPEAKER_02]: Only 99 cents a call.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, check, you know, whatever it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: It sounds like one of those things where, you know,
[SPEAKER_02]: you gotta call the 900 number if you want to vote, and it costs money per vote.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is the modern version of that, and gamers are not having it.
[SPEAKER_01]: What I would say then for that, as was popular when American Idol was around like that, which I think it's still around, but back in its heyday, there was a movement called Vote for the Worst, and I encourage everybody to vote for the worst.
[SPEAKER_01]: That poor kid.
[SPEAKER_02]: Kind of fucked up in retrospect.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, what that kid went through.
[SPEAKER_02]: But anyway, yes, I get it.
[SPEAKER_01]: So.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, yeah, don't watch it.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's bad.
[SPEAKER_01]: Hopefully this the two remake is better.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh no.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thanks for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, more information about Silent Hill 2 or whatever.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's the third, you know, typical things like enjoy the experience of playing through a horror game all with modern graphics exclusively on PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_02]: But here it is, fan favorite character Pyramid Head makes a return along with a special origin story for fans to play through.
[SPEAKER_02]: And this has a lot of people going, what?
[SPEAKER_02]: because is this just more Pyramid Head wank?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, and I get and not in the sense that Loki was just talking about, but like, here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, Pyramid Head is an iconic Silent Hill character, but he was supposed to very specifically represent some things
[SPEAKER_02]: RedPyramidhead
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's become this big ol' thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so now people are looking at it going, oh God, is this another money grab?
[SPEAKER_02]: Are they gonna do Pyramid Head DLC just to get people to pump down more money for this game?
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, to be fair, if I read that bullet point again, but I'm gonna read it with different emphasis and grammar.
[SPEAKER_02]: Fan favorite character Pyramid Head makes a return, along with a special origin story for fans to play through.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now you'll notice I changed the emphasis and it reads a lot differently because you may or may not recall Silent Hill 2 did have DLC that was an origin story of sorts.
[SPEAKER_02]: That did exist.
[SPEAKER_02]: So maybe they're talking about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I think grammatically that would need to be two different bullet points to read that way.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there's still a lot of question marks there.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll wait and see, I guess.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, we will.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is some real bummer news that came out this last week, and that is there were folks that were laid off at Bungie, of course the makers of Destiny 2, and they are working on Marathon, a reinvention of one of their older titles.
[SPEAKER_02]: And of course Bungie, you know, did Halo for a very, very long time.
[SPEAKER_02]: They are a legendary studio in the industry.
[SPEAKER_02]: They are now owned by Sony.
[SPEAKER_02]: You may or may not recall, purchased them not that long ago.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is said that this does not have to do with that purchase.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is not something that Sony commanded.
[SPEAKER_02]: But however it happened, it does suck to hear that 100 employees have been affected by the layoffs.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bungie warned employees of the company's current financial underperformance.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was reported that the developer laid off employees in its community, development, art, and audio teams, including Michael Salvatore, longtime Halo and Destiny soundtrack composer.
[SPEAKER_02]: Apparently, Marathon has been delayed.
[SPEAKER_02]: The next Destiny 2 expansion, delayed.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was a meeting in that morning that revenue was 45% lower than projected, which CEO Pete Parsons claimed was due to a drop
[SPEAKER_02]: Destiny 2 popularity and poor player retention.
[SPEAKER_02]: but I digress.
[SPEAKER_02]: The final shape expansion, it was mentioned in the meeting, had received only good feedback, so it's been delayed to make it better.
[SPEAKER_02]: Apparently, there were other cost-cutting measures considered, at least according to Pete Parsons, hiring freezes, salary freezes, but it didn't matter.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ultimately, 8% of the workforce was laid off.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's the shitty part.
[SPEAKER_02]: October 30th was the day that that happened.
[SPEAKER_02]: Employee benefits.
[SPEAKER_02]: were given through the end of the month!
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right, the very next day, October 31st.
[SPEAKER_01]: Of course, that's almost on purpose.
[SPEAKER_02]: You know that now, to be fair, they were given three months of health care and severance pay, but three months is not exactly time to land on your feet with something new.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's still a bummer to hear about.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, you know, and when I was talking to Bobby Blackwolf on his show tonight, because he's kind enough to have me on at the end of a show every week to talk about what's coming up on this show.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, you know, we were talking a little bit about this whole kind of
[SPEAKER_02]: Yen and Yang thing going on is that 2023, you know, especially when you look at these games that just came out in the past couple weeks, Super Mario Wonder, Alan Wake 2, we haven't talked a lot about that game on this show, because I haven't gotten around to it yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: But apparently that game is very fucking good from what a lot of people are telling me like so much where I'm like, fuck, I need to go back and play the original Alan Wake, Control, like really set myself up for, you know, Alan Wake 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: 2023 has been a fucking fantastic year for games and we've been saying that a lot on this show yet that is happening meanwhile 2023 is a fucking horrific year to be a game developer and it it's a like you would think now
[SPEAKER_02]: You would think, and before you all yell out the punchline, yes I know the punchline, you would think in a year where all the games are really well received and games are thriving, you would think game development thrives too.
[SPEAKER_02]: But unfortunately, the punchline, they're on different cycles.
[SPEAKER_02]: Games take years to make.
[SPEAKER_02]: And when you don't spend years making your game, well, just check out that new Kong game that came out, because apparently it only took a year to make, and it shows.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yes, these things are on different cycles.
[SPEAKER_02]: but it's it's it's weird to celebrate what a great year for games 2023 has been when it has been such a shit year for developers and especially not not not senior executives at these companies mind you community managers we're talking about in large part here which is which if if you want your game to always be on and a living breathing 24 seven 365 game you need community managers
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't... Well, why didn't you rile the fans up and make them like our game more?
[SPEAKER_01]: It's all your fault.
[SPEAKER_01]: Bye-bye.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wild.
[SPEAKER_01]: Wild.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know that's not actually what their their thought process is probably like well we feel that it's expendable so yeah we're gonna get rid of them.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Questbuster with an interesting perspective here that maybe this is a consequence of some of the you know basically throwing around that's happened with Bungie the last few years.
[SPEAKER_02]: Questbuster saying a reason for the increasing monetization within Destiny 2 has also been speculated to try to stop the bleeding going on with Bungie's finances.
[SPEAKER_02]: Activision let them go, Bungie did their thing for a while, and then were bought by Sony, and now, reporting having lost 45% of their revenue, resulting in layoffs.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just a friendly reminder, I just, just a friendly reminder, the peep, the reason why people still defend Nintendo to this day, and the legendary, late, great, wonderful, Satoru Iwata, is that when the Wii U bombed, guess who took a pay cut?
[SPEAKER_02]: Did the CEO of Bungie take a pay cut?
[SPEAKER_02]: Because I didn't hear that reported in the news.
[SPEAKER_02]: Did Bobby Kotick take a pay cut?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think I heard that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Is Yves Gouman taking a pay cut?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't think they have.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope these CEOs never speak the name Satoru Iwata.
[SPEAKER_02]: They are not worthy of saying that name.
[SPEAKER_02]: In chat, ssj0100mat says, it sucks when you read that managers were sounding the alarms that fans went XYZ and the higher-ups not making those priority.
[SPEAKER_02]: DJRamaS does bring up the point that, you know, what I'm talking about is different cultures.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, and gaming is a worldwide economy at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so those walls start to crumble.
[SPEAKER_02]: But again, I want to point to who do the fans respect at the end of the day?
[SPEAKER_02]: Do they respect the Japanese CEOs or the American CEOs?
[SPEAKER_02]: Phil Spencer's eye.
[SPEAKER_02]: End of sentence.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, and Mike Deft says, Satoru Iwata may not have been perfect.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, and I do want to be careful what pedestal I put him on here, but again, in the context of what we're talking about here, there is a reason why people don't talk about Satoru Iwata the way they talk about
[SPEAKER_02]: Bobby Kotick, you know, or some of these other folks may not have been perfect, but he was truly a great person.
[SPEAKER_02]: Indeed.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, Satoru Iwata knew how to make a Nintendo game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Do you think Bobby Kotick?
[SPEAKER_01]: It's kind of like it.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, it's kind of like how you have.
[SPEAKER_01]: And this is just even in a corporate world, too.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's where you have people that were
[SPEAKER_01]: doing the low-level jobs and then work their way up to be a manager, CEO, supervisor, that type of thing, and then you have the people that are just hired in to be that position.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the ones that have done the job understand the nuances of it, they understand what the people below them are going through, and that's why they're a little bit more humble and a little bit more
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, willing to take accountability for things versus the folks that just come in, don't have any idea how anything is being done, just trying to manage, I guess, but... Or perfect example, coming in to start something from the ground up.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello, Phil Harrison and Google Stadia.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see how that...
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry to open a wound, but like just case in point to what Loki's talking about.
[SPEAKER_04]: I almost spit out my meatball.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry, DarkSakura.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know you're already sick and you don't need to get sicker, but like it just like it just puts underscores Loki's point.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's just, you know, there's certain types of people and some some are going to be successful.
[SPEAKER_01]: Some are not going to be successful.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sometimes you have a charlatan that really pushes the importance of the dog in a game.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then you come to find out, yeah, this game is just a normal RPG.
[SPEAKER_01]: And maybe there isn't going to be an AI child anymore, you know?
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know you're talking about now.
[SPEAKER_01]: And no one really gives a crap what's inside the cube.
[SPEAKER_01]: So whatever.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, do you know what was inside the cube?
[SPEAKER_02]: Do you know what was inside?
[SPEAKER_02]: Hopes and dreams literally was what was inside the cube.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, yes, it was a Kickstarter, but you had to hope and dream that that game was going to be a success or it didn't mean shit.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was Goddess.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't forget was the name of that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Oh, I already forgot it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I thought you were gonna say some prayers, which is about the same.
[SPEAKER_02]: Probably Yeah, thoughts and prayers were definitely in the cube as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: SSG100 Matt says but like they let Lorraine McLeese go she was with Bungie since pre Halo did a lot with that company in the art department.
[SPEAKER_02]: QuestBuster, going back to Iwata, saying, one of the anecdotes I remember from the book, Ask Iwata, from a developer, describes showing him code and Iwata instinctively understanding what they were describing to him because of his experience from years ago, even though he didn't code anymore at the time.
[SPEAKER_02]: God, I, now I'm really gonna get shit for bringing this up, but I have to.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sorry, I apologize in advance profusely, but I have to.
[SPEAKER_02]: When you talk about that- I will-
[SPEAKER_02]: What?
[SPEAKER_04]: Say that that goes actually with a lot of people who have done code in the past.
[SPEAKER_04]: They understand the logic behind it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: but there's one CEO out there who is an absolute dullard, who thinks they know code, who thinks they know all this shit, and has been called out multiple time and time again at not knowing shit about shit, and literally someone whose entire enterprise has been built on thoughts and prayers, and who has somehow, to this point, been successful, but now they're about to finally fucking lose big, and you nailed it DarkSakura, it's Elon Musk.
[SPEAKER_02]: who doesn't know shit from shit and has literally had to have things explained to him and he'll still go, yeah, no, we're gonna do it this way because I heard about it on a podcast or whatever the fucking weed spirit told him.
[SPEAKER_01]: And when he hallucinated weed spirit.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm pretty certain if I recall right that of all the Tesla patents, he only created one and it was for a valve.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, sorry, I don't mean to turn this into that podcast.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I had to say it because I'm sorry, when when I was reading that bit about Iwata, all I could see in my mind was the dullard who can't do it, but is somehow still successful at least until now.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that's that guy.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, on to other subjects.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's talk about mods in games.
[SPEAKER_01]: Mods are evil.
[SPEAKER_02]: OK, that's right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mods are evil.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're terrible.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, they're not.
[SPEAKER_02]: But there's an interest.
[SPEAKER_02]: What?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: So it's just the I think people are twisting this out of proportion.
[SPEAKER_01]: So there's a video that came out talking about Resident Evil or it's basically not necessarily Resident Evil.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's from Capcom.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's talking about like how
[SPEAKER_01]: They, for the purpose of anti-cheat and anti-piracy, they said, you know, when they're talking about developing those tools, they say that all mods are defined as cheats.
[SPEAKER_01]: Unless they're officially supported or created internally or something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, I think what they mean by that is necessarily that they're
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, there's no way to discern, you know, different mods from the other.
[SPEAKER_01]: So they have to treat it all kind of blanketly as like a cheat in the game.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know if they're necessarily like stopping mods.
[SPEAKER_01]: I know for a fact that, you know, they've had some mods.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's let's be let's be real clear on that.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're never going to stop mods.
[SPEAKER_01]: No, no, no.
[SPEAKER_01]: But like there's they've had some issues like recently with a Street Fighter tournament that they had a nude mod for Chun-Li on there for some reason.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, that was not a good look.
[SPEAKER_01]: How did that?
[SPEAKER_01]: How did that get slipped through?
[SPEAKER_01]: Like that's I mean.
[SPEAKER_02]: But yes, it should not have come through during a tournament.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was inappropriate.
[SPEAKER_01]: No.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Um, so obviously I think they're concerned with certain things, you know, that mods can do, but that they say they can hurt game development.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sure.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, I guess, especially if you're talking about the online game and actual cheating, maybe, but like, I think for like swapping skins out, probably not.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, I don't think there's really any problem with that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Um,
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: When you talk about the first half of that, where you're talking about that mods at base value have to be seen as cheats when it comes to some of these systems, that actually isn't like a hot take that's different from most of the rest of the industry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just look at trophies and Steam achievements and the way they work.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'll even say Bethesda, say, like if you use mods with Skyrim, you know, and granted some of this is like official, it shuts off the mods.
[SPEAKER_02]: because you've, you know, modified the game and you could be using a mod that gives you unlimited lives or, you know, something that basically changes the conditions of winning the trophy.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, like, at, like, face value, the whole, we have to view the mod as a cheat, no matter what the mod is for these types, like, I actually understand that part of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But then it's that second half where they start to lose me.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I think it's more of like if, for example, they're doing anti-cheat stuff and what it's going to be is like, OK, to access online services, we are going to say, if you're running a mod, you can't do that because we can't determine whatever mod or exploit thing that you have going.
[SPEAKER_01]: Is this just swapping out the
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, removing the clothes of Chun-Li, or is this making it so that, like, I can do one-button specials or something like that, you know, in the game?
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, what is it?
[SPEAKER_01]: So, since there's no easy way to discern all that, then they just have to basically treat them all the same when it comes to developing anti-cheat.
[SPEAKER_02]: TigerClaw in chat bringing up an excellent point about the importance of mods, saying, if I recall, there have been mods that eventually become a full game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, you're absolutely right, because you know who got notorious at doing this was Valve, and Team Fortress is an excellent example of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Team Fortress 2, where's Team Fortress 1?
[SPEAKER_02]: It was a Quake mod.
[SPEAKER_02]: Valve got those folks to make a separate game called Team Fortress 2 or even look at something at Dota 2.
[SPEAKER_02]: That was Defense of the Ancients.
[SPEAKER_02]: Where's Dota 1?
[SPEAKER_02]: It's within Warcraft 3.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a mod.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that led to another kind of messy situation because then Blizzard made their own Dota.
[SPEAKER_02]: and they ended up calling it Heroes of the Storm, which we just talked about earlier in the show, funny enough.
[SPEAKER_02]: But that just goes to show absolutely right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Mods are important because sometimes the new games are born from that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I want to say Portal, to some extent, lends its creation to modding.
[SPEAKER_01]: What's in Counter-Strike, like a mod for Half-Life or something like that?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I believe so.
[SPEAKER_04]: I am going to beg to differ about Portal.
[SPEAKER_02]: OK, I thought it was.
[SPEAKER_04]: It began its life as a student project called Narbacular Drop.
[SPEAKER_02]: but just to just to kind of point out there that you know you're right a lot of mods become a really big deal and become their own thing for sure um and then DarkSakura had mentioned in chat i blame the high res mods for mass effect 3 uh inspiring the legendary edition um yeah absolutely like you know um a lot of people were using those mods to make the game look more impressive on their you know 4k systems and so forth or even 1080 so um yeah yeah mods are important so
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, let's move on to a very interesting acquisition that happened within the industry this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: We've been talking a bit about this studio this year because they put out, you know, again, in this year of just banger releases, this studio put out a title that is really fucking good and unfortunately is getting slept on and is not getting the recognition it deserves.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that is Digital Eclipse and their release of
[SPEAKER_02]: the making of Karateka or Karateka.
[SPEAKER_02]: However, you know, apparently Jordan Mechner does not care how you pronounce it as long as you're buying it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So but that is that was a great, you know, just again, the way that was whole set up in the story that was told.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's a great title.
[SPEAKER_02]: And unfortunately, I think a lot of people are sleeping on that release because there's just a lot of stuff to play right now.
[SPEAKER_02]: What's going to be interesting to see what comes of Digital Eclipse and their future releases because Atari bought them.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's right, Atari, the company who 10 years ago was talking about hotels, is now purchasing studios.
[SPEAKER_02]: They're making some very interesting moves.
[SPEAKER_02]: CEO Wade Rosen talking about Digital Eclipse saying, quote, Digital Eclipse is the best in the world at what they do.
[SPEAKER_02]: They have a deep love and respect for the history of the games industry and are renowned for developing critically acclaimed projects based on historic franchises.
[SPEAKER_02]: Digital Eclipse, along with Night Dive, are in perfect alignment with Atari's DNA and renewed purpose.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm personally excited to see where we can push the boundaries of innovation together.
[SPEAKER_02]: Andrew Eyer from Digital Eclipse, CEO, said, Atari and Digital Eclipse share the same ethos when it comes to celebration and preservation of gaming history.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's an exciting combination and I am confident this will serve Digital Eclipse and our fans extremely well as we grow our business and expand our capabilities.
[SPEAKER_02]: a lot of people pointing to the fact that before the making of Karateka, Digital Eclipse put out that Atari 50 collection, which maybe didn't tell a cohesive story as well, but certainly it was good and it brought that engine that Karateka ended up using.
[SPEAKER_02]: And in a comment, Creative Director Mike Mika from Digital Eclipse said,
[SPEAKER_02]: Our experience collaborating on Atari 50 was revelatory.
[SPEAKER_02]: The trust that Atari showed our team and our clear mutual love and respect for the content positioned us to produce something truly remarkable.
[SPEAKER_02]: I know Atari will continue to champion our approach and that we will be bringing fans exciting new projects for years to come.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's an interesting team up.
[SPEAKER_02]: And at first, you know, I think some of us might have that reaction of, ew, Atari, but Atari's been kind of a sinking ship.
[SPEAKER_02]: I feel like Atari's been on this weird course correction for the past couple years.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Atari's really starting to lean into this retro thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Quest Buster is calling out a post that I made on Blue Sky saying, as Rob mentioned last week, if Atari leans into this retro oriented focus to champion things like Digital Eclipse's work, I'm all for it, too.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, you know, there's been a lot of talk in the industry just last week.
[SPEAKER_02]: We had the former president of Sony America talking about
[SPEAKER_02]: Game Preservation
[SPEAKER_02]: the king, the queen, the monarch of game preservation.
[SPEAKER_02]: The company that you think of when it comes to retro game preservation.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I feel like that's how they're positioning themselves.
[SPEAKER_02]: And now they've been making a lot of, and again, I realized they've made a lot of weird decisions in the last decade with the hotels, even though I would have loved to stay in an Atari hotel, but we all know that was a losing proposition.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's the Atari VCS, which we all know was not a great system.
[SPEAKER_02]: But Atari's been making these interesting partnerships through places like Arcade1Up, through places like Digital Eclipse, through pla- Ooh, I wonder if Atari buys Arcade1Up.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hmm.
[SPEAKER_02]: I wonder if Atari buys Arcade1Up.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm
[SPEAKER_02]: if it doesn't happen, I never said anything.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, but in all seriousness, I think Atari, I think Atari may be positioning themselves as this sort of like retro fun company.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I think they also realize the Atari thing is only going to carry them so far.
[SPEAKER_02]: And there's gonna need to come this thing to reinvent some of these franchises.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Digital Clips and Atari 50 kinda tried to do some of that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I didn't think the Haunted House thing was that great, but I applaud the effort, sure.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I actually think the game in Karateka, the...
[SPEAKER_02]: The remake of that was good, and the other game that Jordan Mechner did, the Cosmic Space Game, the remake they did of that was really good, considering the source material and what they had to work with.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think they do hit it out of the park sometimes.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it's...
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know why.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just I have this very interesting feeling.
[SPEAKER_02]: Atari has figured out their MO.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that is this retro market that maybe needs to go beyond.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_02]: It was death bounce.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you, DarkTestia.
[SPEAKER_02]: That goes beyond just things from the Atari 2600 days, but starts with that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, and quite frankly, I don't want to see Atari fail, so I think this is interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is one where I'm like, okay, I'm happy to announce Atari seems to be moving in a good direction.
[SPEAKER_02]: So let's see what happens.
[SPEAKER_02]: By the way, Digital Eclipse put out an FAQ, and you know the question everybody had was,
[SPEAKER_02]: does this screw the gold master collection into only being about Atari titles from here on out?
[SPEAKER_02]: And they have said, essentially, no, they said no in kind of a really roundabout way that I didn't think they had to say it that made it sound like the games we have planned will continue on.
[SPEAKER_02]: But after that, who knows, but it does sound like there will be more gold master games that are non Atari games, which is good.
[SPEAKER_02]: So be weird.
[SPEAKER_02]: Pixelpacas also points out, hmm, interesting, that reminds me, a few years ago, Atari invested heavily in AntStream, a retro cloud-based streaming company, if you forgot, and bought MobiGames, big online repository of retro stuff.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, they were super difficult to get my Pixelpoops 2 description thing going.
[SPEAKER_02]: That alignment of MobiGames and Digital Eclipse?
[SPEAKER_02]: Huh.
[SPEAKER_01]: Atari, I'm willing to license my game for dirt cheap, just so you know.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's all you put it out on different platforms.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wouldn't that be you'd sell it for poop?
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, forget it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'd sell it for poop.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: and Bobby Blackwell points out Atari age the homebrew community is I don't know there's a lot to chew on here but I hope to continue to see this kind of inertia I don't know what changed at Atari but I'm into it so let's see where this you know I hope I don't have to eat because there's it is fully possible I'll be eating those fucking words in a couple years time and that's fine if I have to but so far I'm encouraged by what I see especially compared to you know 10 years ago so we'll see
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, moving on.
[SPEAKER_02]: Less encouraging news for Nintendo Switch owners, right, Loki?
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I didn't realize they even have this app, but apparently the Twitch app on the Nintendo Switch is getting polled.
[SPEAKER_01]: Apparently it didn't work great to begin with anyways, because you weren't able to see chats during streams, you weren't able to subscribe to creators, and obviously you couldn't broadcast to Twitch from the app, because there's no way that that would work.
[SPEAKER_01]: The app will be ending support on November 6th, and existing users will lose access to the app starting January 31st, 2024.
[SPEAKER_02]: So if you want the app, you literally better download it tonight live.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm sorry to the podcast listeners, but it may already be gone if you want it.
[SPEAKER_02]: But honestly, it's it's not it's not good.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I actually I brought it up on my switch to show you.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it starts off kind of looking like a normal kind of Twitch app, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: It kind of starts off looking like that.
[SPEAKER_02]: But then when you actually go in to like watch a stream,
[SPEAKER_02]: So you actually can see, okay, I want to go in, I want to watch live or whatever I'm doing there.
[SPEAKER_02]: But then if you want to join the chat, you have to actually click a button that says join the conversation.
[SPEAKER_02]: Because when you go in to watch live, you don't actually see any sort of like chat.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: Subpar App
[SPEAKER_02]: Bobby Blackwell says, honestly, the Twitch app for the Switch behaved exactly the same as the other console apps, so I'm kind of perplexed by this.
[SPEAKER_02]: There was an update on other consoles that also removes chatting from them.
[SPEAKER_02]: It points you to use your mobile device.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, I wasn't aware of that because I haven't used the Xbox app in a little while.
[SPEAKER_01]: That is the Nintendo MO.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, let alone probably everybody else's MO as well, too.
[SPEAKER_01]: But just use those mobile devices.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I will point out you are missing the biggest thing that the Xbox app has that the Switch doesn't.
[SPEAKER_02]: The ability to stream from your console.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's still in there, right?
[SPEAKER_02]: Because that's that would be the differentiator.
[SPEAKER_02]: So honestly, I really don't think this is a big deal.
[SPEAKER_02]: And even as somebody who uses Twitch and would like to have more viewers on Twitch from wherever possible, I'm like, I get it.
[SPEAKER_02]: The Switch isn't the best place for it.
[SPEAKER_02]: There it is.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, SheHulk10 says the Xbox app sucks for Twitch, completely broken, unprofessional.
[SPEAKER_02]: And SJMats100mat says, yeah, the Xbox series Twitch app isn't that great.
[SPEAKER_02]: I use it for watching the show tonight, but it's behind the usual stream.
[SPEAKER_02]: Interesting, because I've used it to watch streams before, like while I'm downstairs in the kitchen and stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: But you're right.
[SPEAKER_02]: All it is, like,
[SPEAKER_02]: full screen on the TV.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm not participating.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like it's just it's just there.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like watching CNN in the background or something would be it's just things that are more interesting and not as depressing.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, all right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyhow, let's move on.
[SPEAKER_02]: And talk about our next story, Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, it's me.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just kidding.
[SPEAKER_02]: Right?
[SPEAKER_05]: Yes, it is you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sorry.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm lost tonight because we're in a different rotation tonight, but that's all right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Okay, hi.
[SPEAKER_02]: Xbox is going to be blocking unauthorized third-party accessories because, yeah, you know, there's a lot of cheap Xbox merchandise that's sold, which, you know, if you tend to break your Xbox merchandise, cheap merchandise might sound pretty appealing.
[SPEAKER_02]: And let's be real, $70 for a controller is a lot of money.
[SPEAKER_02]: However, Microsoft plans to put an end to the third-party unlicensed stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not to say there won't be some third-party stuff, but they plan to put an end to the unauthorized third-party stuff.
[SPEAKER_02]: You will get an error code that says, we encourage you to contact the store or manufacturer where you obtained the accessory with getting help to returning it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, whereas I think at first,
[SPEAKER_02]: I could kind of see why they're trying to get some knockoffs and things like that out of the market because there is a lot of like cheap shit out there and it's very obviously cheap.
[SPEAKER_02]: Unfortunately, what this does, it has a ripple effect that's a little shadier.
[SPEAKER_02]: And that is that, you know, things like these fighting sticks that are custom for tournaments that people have spent a lot of money in making will essentially become a third party.
[SPEAKER_02]: Accessibility is becoming a big one as well, because yes, there is a great Xbox accessibility controller, but apparently they're not exactly easy to find.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, you know, sometimes, you know, in short supply and what have you.
[SPEAKER_02]: And so, you know, folks come up with their own sorts of accessibility devices, and those are currently being recognized as a third party device.
[SPEAKER_02]: So considering they're threatening to pull the plug on some of this stuff on November 12th, Microsoft may have a little bit of back to the drawing board to do on this because it sounds like they could, I suppose, throw the baby out with the bathwater.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't like that expression, but it seems to be the one that fits here because they're basically going to, you know, get rid of these good uses of modified controllers along with, you know, the cheap shit that they're trying to, you know, not have associated with Xbox, essentially.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, Microsoft did give a statement to Eurogamer on this, saying, quote, Microsoft and other licensed Xbox hardware partners' accessories are designed and manufactured with quality standards for performance, security, and safety.
[SPEAKER_02]: Unauthorized accessories can compromise the gaming experience on Xbox consoles.
[SPEAKER_02]: Gamers may receive a pop-up warning that their accessory is unauthorized.
[SPEAKER_02]: Eventually, the unauthorized accessory will be blocked from use to preserve the console gaming experience.
[SPEAKER_01]: It just reinforces what we pretty much already got from the pop-up, is that they're trying to block the cheap shit so that cheap shit doesn't get associated with, um... It's not only that though, it's also some of these, like, um... Things that allow you to use keyboard mouse in games that don't allow that.
[SPEAKER_01]: So that it's basically, um...
[SPEAKER_01]: It's a way for them to try to even the playing field there a little bit, but yeah, it sucks.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, but it'll be interesting.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, if, you know, especially now that charities like AbleGamers are getting involved, which we were just talking about them not that long ago, because the Games Done Quick Express event at TwitchCon was raising money for AbleGamers.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, and, you know, this is part of the advocacy that they provide.
[SPEAKER_02]: AbleGamers is now kind of coming out and saying, Microsoft needs to rethink this.
[SPEAKER_02]: It will be interesting to see if Phil Spencer comes in and saves the day on this one too.
[SPEAKER_02]: Literally another thing that was going around in our Discord this week, which I encourage you to check out, vognetwork.com slash Discord, and join the conversation throughout the week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Folks were sharing an article about how Xbox employees were apparently losing access to Game Pass, and they were really sad about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, Phil Spencer came in and said, you shouldn't, you should get to keep that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And, you know,
[SPEAKER_02]: fixed it, basically.
[SPEAKER_01]: Literally costs them like nothing.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, yeah, essentially.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now, not everything should be something that requires Phil Spencer to come in and fix.
[SPEAKER_02]: He doesn't have that kind of time.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I think if gamers know, especially a organization like AbleGamers knows, that's the way to get it to change.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think there's gonna be a lot of people in his ear this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll see what comes to that.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, anyhow, let's travel back to a time when there was a lot of third party stuff out there authorized and unauthorized.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're gonna take a trip back down memory lane in this next segment.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let me play the clip.
[SPEAKER_03]: And now it's time to travel back to a simpler time, where I'll dive into the vault and pull out a classic and tell you about it.
[SPEAKER_03]: It's time for the classic game of the week.
[SPEAKER_02]: But once a month, DarkSakura actually picks a classic non-video game.
[SPEAKER_02]: So what did you pick for us this week, DarkSakura?
[SPEAKER_04]: I picked Guess Who, which is a board game where you guess the identity of the character that someone else has chosen on their side.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was developed by Israeli game inventors Ora and Theo Koster.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're known collectively as Theodora Design, and it was manufactured by Milton Bradley in 1979, now owned by Hasbro.
[SPEAKER_04]: The game was first brought to the UK by Jack Barr Sr.
[SPEAKER_04]: in 1982.
[SPEAKER_04]: Classic edition is currently being produced by Winning Moves Games, USA.
[SPEAKER_04]: The game was initially published in 1979 and it's for two players.
[SPEAKER_04]: Basically, you start with a board that has cartoon images of 24 people and their first names and all the images stand up like we're seeing in the video for those who are watching on Twitch.
[SPEAKER_04]: The objective of the game is be the first to determine which one's cards is the right person to guess.
[SPEAKER_04]: So you play yes or no questions.
[SPEAKER_04]: such as, does a person wear a hat?
[SPEAKER_04]: Do they wear glasses?
[SPEAKER_04]: Are they male?
[SPEAKER_04]: Are they, you know, female?
[SPEAKER_04]: Etc.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then you eliminate the candidates by flipping the image down until only one is left.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, of course, there are special editions of this.
[SPEAKER_04]: There are Star Wars, Marvel Comics, Disney,
[SPEAKER_04]: Travel Edition with 20 faces, 2008 and 2010, there are extra mix and match games, and there was a computer game that was released in 1999 by Hasbro.
[SPEAKER_04]: It looks terrible.
[SPEAKER_04]: I did find the video of it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So sorry.
[SPEAKER_04]: But in the US, of course, advertisements had the characters coming to life on their card and making comments with each other.
[SPEAKER_04]: And of course, this made it put a statement that the cards, the game cards do not actually talk.
[SPEAKER_02]: I remember that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's so funny.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ridiculous.
[SPEAKER_04]: There is a belief that a binary search is the most efficient approach to the game.
[SPEAKER_04]: It halves your identities, basically.
[SPEAKER_04]: People are trying to combine them by asking multiple things in one.
[SPEAKER_04]: However,
[SPEAKER_04]: I believe that's not in the rules.
[SPEAKER_04]: You have to ask one item and then, like, instead of saying, do they have, like, red hair or glasses and the, or this, you just have to ask, do they have this?
[SPEAKER_04]: Now, the big thing about the game is that there is a big lack of diversity in the game.
[SPEAKER_04]: up to five female characters against 19 male.
[SPEAKER_04]: There were people who were not of different ethnicities.
[SPEAKER_04]: The company wrote, and this is a quote, the intended to draw attention away from using gender or ethnicity as the focal point and concentrate on things that we all have in common rather than focus on differences.
[SPEAKER_04]: However, it was responded that the whole point of the game is to recognize people's difference and that gender was recognized as a female gender was recognized as a characteristic while male gender is not.
[SPEAKER_04]: which again just goes back to the general society patriarchal view that the default is white cisgender male.
[SPEAKER_04]: So the original version of Guess Who had one non-white character named Anne who was redrawn subsequently as a white woman
[SPEAKER_04]: But since then, the game has been redesigned to characters to be more diverse.
[SPEAKER_04]: There was an unscripted television adaptation of the game that was in development at NBC and will be produced by Endemol Shine North America Entertainment One.
[SPEAKER_04]: So that's in the plans.
[SPEAKER_04]: We'll see if that actually happens.
[SPEAKER_04]: And there was a giant-sized guess who.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, there, um, are... I'm glad to see that, um...
[SPEAKER_04]: Guess Who?
[SPEAKER_04]: is still produced by Theora Design in Israel.
[SPEAKER_04]: along with a few other games they have called Jewel Hunt where you have to close the spaces with multicolored playing pieces and you know almost like a kind of a domino thing Tortolotto and a game called Triggle of course Guess Who is still there
[SPEAKER_04]: and a game about balancing books.
[SPEAKER_04]: You have to stack up books so that the upper shelf lines evenly across the top.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's called makore in Hebrew.
[SPEAKER_04]: So they're still making games, but guess who is the biggest export?
[SPEAKER_04]: So there you go.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, thank you for pushing through to bring us the classic non-video game of the month, Guess Who?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sure a game that I'd be surprised if some of y'all out there haven't played this game at some point in your life.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, yeah, it's definitely an iconic title.
[SPEAKER_04]: I kind of want to do the Guess Who of Drag.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sure somebody's made it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm sure like if you check on YouTube, I'm sure somebody's made it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So yeah, but I also kind of want to do the guess who of Twitch personalities.
[SPEAKER_02]: That might be a fun thing to bring to TwitchCon next year.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe, maybe.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's check out some other news by traveling around the gaming world and checking out some other news rapidly.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we will go to Loki.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yes, let's talk about what's going to be your free with monthly subscription stuff coming to Xbox and PlayStation.
[SPEAKER_01]: So for November, we've got a few things.
[SPEAKER_01]: So coming to Game Pass, we've got Headbangers, Rhythm Royale, Juice Ants, Wartales, Thirsty Suitors, Football Manager 2024.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dungeons 4, LaikaDragonGaiden, the man who erased his name.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's exciting.
[SPEAKER_01]: Wild Hearts, Spirity, and Coral Island.
[SPEAKER_01]: Those are all coming.
[SPEAKER_01]: Leaving is going to be Coffee Talk, Exapunks, Ghost Song, GungraveGore, FootballManager2023.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, after all, we've got to replace it with a new version.
[SPEAKER_01]: Lappin and Townscaper.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then, PlayStation Plus is getting a few games as well.
[SPEAKER_01]: So, first off, they've got Fireteam Elite, and we've also got, let's see, Mafia 2 Definitive Edition for PlayStation 4, as well as Dragon Ball The Breakers for PlayStation 4.
[SPEAKER_01]: How exciting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not not a great lineup, to be honest, for November, which is a big video game sales month.
[SPEAKER_02]: I just just something I noticed.
[SPEAKER_02]: I mean, call me a hater, but I don't know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: And they're all not really well rated either because they apparently both aliens and mafia rated like a five point five.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then, you know, the other game about like a five
[SPEAKER_01]: Yay!
[SPEAKER_01]: Scraping that bottom of the barrel.
[SPEAKER_01]: Something probably not coming to PlayStation, but certainly looks like it could, is Bloodborne Kart.
[SPEAKER_01]: It is a Bloodborne demake kart racing game that is, I'm assuming, for PC, but it looks like it's straight from the PlayStation 1, and it will be coming out January 31st next year, out for free.
[SPEAKER_01]: Assuming it doesn't get shut down and cease to exist, but it looks funny and it's well put together, so it's a mashup that you never thought you needed.
[SPEAKER_01]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, the game that has kept on giving and giving for the Nintendo Switch over the last few years, honestly, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe has one more booster course pack on the way, and it is coming out November 9th, this next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: This is the last one.
[SPEAKER_02]: So all 48 additional courses that were added to the game will now be available.
[SPEAKER_02]: That means 96 courses across all of the content they've released, including what was on Kart and all that from the beginning.
[SPEAKER_02]: Wave 6 will feature the Acorn Cup and the Spiny Cup Tour Rome Avanti GCN DK Mountain Wii Daisy Circuit Piranha Plant Cove
[SPEAKER_02]: Tour Madrid, also from Mario Kart Tour.
[SPEAKER_02]: 3DS, Rosalina's Ice World from, of course, 3DS Mario Kart.
[SPEAKER_02]: SNES, Bowser Castle 3, I'll let you guess what that's from.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Wii, Rainbow Road, because you needed yet another Rainbow Road.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think you have all of them now.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, I think you really do.
[SPEAKER_02]: Also, don't forget, there's new racers with this.
[SPEAKER_02]: That means Diddy Kong is coming to the game and Funky Kong are also coming to the game, as well as Pauline and Peachette.
[SPEAKER_02]: all coming from Mario Kart Tour crossing over into Mario Kart 8.
[SPEAKER_02]: So they're really trying to salvage everything they can from Mario Kart Tour into Mario Kart 8 Deluxe or the game people bought.
[SPEAKER_02]: So there is that.
[SPEAKER_02]: I can't believe that game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe we can finally talk about Mario Kart 9.
[SPEAKER_02]: Isn't that going to be interesting that essentially the Switch got no dedicated Mario Kart game?
[SPEAKER_02]: I know, I know, but Mario Kart 8 was a Wii U game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes, it really found its full life on the Switch, and obviously it's so much bigger than what it was before at a price, depending if you pay for Nintendo Online or not.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I think it's it's interesting that the Switch essentially got no dedicated Mario Kart game.
[SPEAKER_02]: So it will be very interesting to see.
[SPEAKER_02]: Could the successor get a Mario Kart game as a launch title?
[SPEAKER_02]: Wouldn't that be so?
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe I'm maybe I'm.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, there's rumors.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's been rumors about it for a long time.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, I was going to say it wasn't a kind of a launch title, though, for the Switch, ironically.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ironically, yes, it was.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know if it was day and date, but it was it was not day and date, but it was the first couple of months.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, it was the first six months for sure.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because I remember they didn't have really strong Switch titles at launch, and then that came out and that was kind of their launch lead.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, no, I wouldn't say they didn't have.
[SPEAKER_01]: They had Zelda.
[SPEAKER_02]: You're forgetting a little Zelda game.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, but I get what you mean.
[SPEAKER_02]: Besides that.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Besides Zelda.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: So.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, let's travel around and check out what releases you can buy this week.
[SPEAKER_02]: And since, again, we're leading right up until Black Friday, I expect it's a busy week.
[SPEAKER_01]: What do we got, Loki?
[SPEAKER_01]: As we talked about during the whole Xbox Game Pass stuff, Football Manager 2024 is coming out.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's coming out on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, iOS and Android.
[SPEAKER_01]: We have The Invincible, which is coming out on PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Kill It With Fire VR on PlayStation VR 2 We have Nickelodeon All-Star Brawl 2 on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series RoboQuest on PC, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
[SPEAKER_01]: Salt and Sacrifice on Nintendo Switch Spellforce, Conquest of Eo on PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series Stronghold Definitive Edition on PC Tintin Reporter, Cigars of the Pharaoh on PC, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Gunhead on PC and PlayStation 5
[SPEAKER_01]: RiskofRainReturns on PC and Nintendo Switch NineYearsOfShadows on Nintendo Switch BemFito on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series BerserkRecharged on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series, and Atari VCS
[SPEAKER_01]: Gotta love a Berserk remake.
[SPEAKER_01]: Uh, let's see.
[SPEAKER_01]: Quisaneer on PC.
[SPEAKER_01]: Devil Engine Complete Edition on the Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Dungeon 4 on PC, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: DoubleDragon Advance on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
[SPEAKER_01]: DoubleDragon Collection on Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_01]: SuperDoubleDragon on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
[SPEAKER_01]: We have Akane Island and Earthlock Adventure on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Let's see here.
[SPEAKER_01]: There's a lot this week.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like a Dragon, Gaiden, the man who erased his name on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: Sanibi on PC and Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_01]: Spells and Secrets on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 5, and Xbox Series.
[SPEAKER_01]: We've got Virtue Evermore, Error Salvation on Nintendo Switch.
[SPEAKER_01]: my favorite name title of the week what the duck on pc and nintendo switch
[SPEAKER_01]: While the Iron's Hot on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series Air Twister on PC, Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series And to wrap up the entire week, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3 on PC, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series
[SPEAKER_02]: Nintendo Switch, Devil Engine, Sonobi,
[SPEAKER_02]: Red Dead Redemption, Katan, Fushigi Dageshia Zenitendu, Fushigi Dagashi
[SPEAKER_02]: Banashi50sen Airtwister Super Mario Party
[SPEAKER_02]: And I think that's it for the Switch, but let me go to the PlayStation, excuse me, yeah, PlayStation 5 and check out the releases there.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like a Dragon, Gaiden, the man who erased his name, is out in Japan this week, as is Devil Engine, is also on the PlayStation 5.
[SPEAKER_02]: Dungeons 4 releases as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: And Tale of Arise, the Beyond the Dawn edition, is out in Japan this week as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: And then Air Twister is also out on the 10th.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkSakura, if you're good to do Europe, I will turn it over to you.
[SPEAKER_04]: No one can do this like I can.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm just saying.
[SPEAKER_04]: Football Manager 2024 is already out for PC.
[SPEAKER_04]: On the 7th for PlayStation and Xbox, we have Spellforce Conquest of EO, not to be confused with Captain EO.
[SPEAKER_04]: The Invincible, also for those and for PC.
[SPEAKER_04]: On the Xbox, we have Stray.
[SPEAKER_04]: For the 3, Let's Sing 2024.
[SPEAKER_04]: PlayStation Xbox, Tenten Reporter, Cigars and the Pharaoh Limited Edition.
[SPEAKER_04]: On the 9th, for PlayStation and Switch, Catan Super Deluxe Edition.
[SPEAKER_04]: Smurfs 2, Prisoner of the Green Stone, Wild Shade, Unicorn Champions
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, it's the 11th, I have to wait for it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay, my bad.
[SPEAKER_04]: On the 10th for Switch, we have Super Mario Party plus Pastel Purple and Green Joy-Con, Ghostbusters Spirits Unleashed Ecto Edition.
[SPEAKER_04]: On PlayStation and Switch, Disney Dreamlight Valley Cozy Edition.
[SPEAKER_04]: PlayStation and Xbox, Call of Duty Modern Warfare 3.
[SPEAKER_04]: On Switch, Spells and Secrets.
[SPEAKER_05]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, we have a few more stories for you, and then we will get to the listener roundtable.
[SPEAKER_02]: But first, let's do some stories from Loki.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, let's talk about how that Five Nights at Freddy's movie did, and it did well, despite some of the negative reviews for it.
[SPEAKER_01]: I liked it.
[SPEAKER_01]: But, you know, my opinion is totally determined in how the box office does.
[SPEAKER_01]: And because I liked it, it did well, right?
[SPEAKER_01]: You know, that's how it works.
[SPEAKER_01]: Apparently, though, it did have the biggest opening weekend of the year for a horror movie.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was the second largest debut of all time for a video game adaptation behind Super Mario Bros.
[SPEAKER_01]: Movie.
[SPEAKER_01]: The biggest opening weekend ever for Universal and Peacock hybrid release.
[SPEAKER_01]: The highest grossing opening weekend for Halloween weekend release.
[SPEAKER_01]: And the third biggest debut for any horror film.
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean that's pretty good.
[SPEAKER_01]: Best debut ever for a PG-13 horror film and highest grossing Blumhouse global opening of all time.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not to mention that they had like I think a budget of 25 million dollars and they've made
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_02]: E3VL is pointing out though, huge drop second week though, good overall numbers though.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well I would bet the huge drop was now you see the on-demand kicking in because the people, like there were people that were like, oh we're gonna rush out, get it on the big screen and see it there and do that sort of thing and then you know.
[SPEAKER_02]: E3DL says, to be fair, not a lot of people have Peacock.
[SPEAKER_02]: Is Comcast still not, are they not giving it away anymore?
[SPEAKER_02]: Because they were at some point.
[SPEAKER_01]: They are, they are for, well, they, they, it's weird.
[SPEAKER_01]: So they were offering it for free and then they took it away and then they brought it back again, like within a month.
[SPEAKER_01]: Because I remember, like, I had it through Comcast and they're like, okay, we're taking away.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm like, fine, I'll pay for it.
[SPEAKER_01]: That's fine.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then they're like, oh, haha, it's like we're going to give back to you.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's like, OK, thanks.
[SPEAKER_02]: Interesting.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, they were switching it like they had like a different thing that they were switching.
[SPEAKER_01]: Now they're including it with.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_01]: I mean, we still have we pay for TV, but we don't use the TV part of it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we weren't using it either.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Anyway, it is funny because they keep panicking.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're like, your box is not updated.
[SPEAKER_01]: You're not going to be able to like watch on demand stuff through your box.
[SPEAKER_01]: I'm like.
[SPEAKER_01]: Thank you for watching!
[SPEAKER_01]: And then we have news of Fortnite Chapter 4 doing quite well because it's basically Fortnite Classic.
[SPEAKER_01]: Bringing back the classic map and the classic weapons and gameplay of the first release of Fortnite.
[SPEAKER_01]: And that went live last week and...
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, so that's good to hear, I guess.
[SPEAKER_01]: Not so good considering their recent layoff of almost 1,000 employees, but, you know, still seems to be shooting up in the popularity.
[SPEAKER_01]: Even had Ninja playing some, you know, over the weekend on Twitch, so... Wow, they hit 12 million concurrent players recently, so that's pretty awesome.
[SPEAKER_02]: Do they still have a no-build mode even though they went back to classic?
[SPEAKER_02]: Or did they take that out because of the classic?
[SPEAKER_02]: No-build mode's the only thing I like.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't like to play the regular format.
[SPEAKER_01]: I don't know, but I would assume they do.
[SPEAKER_02]: One more story here and it's about Ubisoft games and this is a server shutdown story which means if you are still playing some old old games online you may not be able to much longer but you probably aren't playing these games online which is why they're pulling the servers.
[SPEAKER_02]: the wide collection of Assassin's Creed, well four, four Assassin's Creed games getting pulled on January 25th, 2024.
[SPEAKER_02]: Assassin's Creed 2 for the 360, Assassin's Creed Brotherhood for the Mac, Assassin's Creed Liberation HD for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and Assassin's Creed Revelations for PC.
[SPEAKER_02]: Now keep in mind, I don't have in front of me what platforms they may have already pulled.
[SPEAKER_02]: These are just the platforms we know are confirmed that are getting pulled on January 25th.
[SPEAKER_02]: Ghost Recon Future Soldier for PC, Heroes of Might and Magic 6 for PC, NCIS for PC, Splinter Cell Conviction on Xbox 360, RUSE for PC, and Trials Evolution for PC
[SPEAKER_02]: Once the online features are shut off, you will no longer be able to play online multiplayer, you cannot link accounts, and you cannot get the Ubisoft Connect rewards for these titles.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is interesting, of course, that like, for example, Assassin's Creed Brotherhood is being shut down on Mac.
[SPEAKER_02]: Sony tried to kill the PlayStation 3 store at this point.
[SPEAKER_02]: So, you know, it's not too surprising.
[SPEAKER_02]: So but it does suck for game preservation, you know, and being able to have that online experience and so forth.
[SPEAKER_02]: But we'll see.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess that's where the evil modders because modding is a crime, apparently to some will come in and send the mod police after you keep those games preserved.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, let's go to the listener roundtable where we invite your chat questions, your Discord calls over at vognetwork.com slash discord in the green room, and your emails, except I know DarkSakura's voice isn't doing too well tonight, and I already checked the mailbag just to see if maybe I needed to pinch hit, so I can report.
[SPEAKER_02]: There's nothing in there.
[SPEAKER_02]: Except there was spam email.
[SPEAKER_02]: about joining some type of Matchbox 20 insider club.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I was like, what the fuck year is this?
[SPEAKER_02]: 1997?
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, why are we being asked?
[SPEAKER_02]: Did they?
[SPEAKER_02]: Did you actually clean out the spam?
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_02]: Maybe I'll try to remember later.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_01]: There could have been more context to that club in there.
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm about to find their big unsubscribe button.
[SPEAKER_02]: We get these emails a lot from a particular company that advertises big names like, big investor you've seen on an ABC television show getting into podcasting and talking about it.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I just sit here and I kind of laugh because I'm like, we've been doing this for so long that I just don't care what his ass thinks about podcasting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Like, could we be bigger?
[SPEAKER_02]: Could we have more listeners?
[SPEAKER_02]: Probably.
[SPEAKER_02]: Have I passed the point where I care?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: You all are here and that's all I need.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love you all who tune in here Sunday nights and of course listen throughout the week on the podcast feed and especially those that reach out and say, Hey, I'm listening on the podcast feed.
[SPEAKER_02]: Cause once in a while I'll get pinged on social media on blue sky or like a random email comes in and says, Hey, I heard this thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: You were talking about that.
[SPEAKER_02]: And I'm like, Oh my God, you still listen to the show.
[SPEAKER_02]: I love that.
[SPEAKER_02]: So yeah, I do.
[SPEAKER_02]: I do appreciate you all.
[SPEAKER_02]: But as far as, um,
[SPEAKER_02]: You know, that guy from Shark Tank knows.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh my god, you were how old when you started listening to us?
[SPEAKER_02]: I know.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't you love those emails that are like, I was 14 and now I have a 14 year old.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, ah!
[SPEAKER_04]: Excuse me while I go take my Geritol and cry.
[SPEAKER_02]: Right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Drink your prune juice.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right.
[SPEAKER_02]: Loki, do you have any last minute stories for us tonight?
[SPEAKER_01]: It is a warrior's drink.
[SPEAKER_01]: I do not.
[SPEAKER_02]: Womp womp.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, that's depressing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't see a lot in chat, but I will point out Tiger Claw was pointing out to you, Loki, that with Xfinity, you don't need the box.
[SPEAKER_02]: You can use Xfinity Stream.
[SPEAKER_02]: which to be fair, I have used them.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're so nice because they don't count that towards your cap.
[SPEAKER_01]: They're so generous.
[SPEAKER_01]: Well, here's the thing, too, which is annoying.
[SPEAKER_01]: On top of that is like they were calling from an on.
[SPEAKER_01]: It was coming over as like they have the caller ID blocked on it.
[SPEAKER_01]: They called me like several times a day, like four to five times a day.
[SPEAKER_01]: And won't leave messages.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, oh, is that the 800 number that's been calling me lately?
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, God, I bet it is them.
[SPEAKER_02]: Not, yeah, so not coming back.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, they they they reek of desperation.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_02]: Let's see some other comments in chat over Twitch.tv slash VOG Network.
[SPEAKER_02]: Morifumi in chat says, podcast listener here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Finally have the chance to watch live.
[SPEAKER_02]: Well, thank you so much for being here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hello.
[SPEAKER_02]: Special shout out for you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_02]: Welcome.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hope you've been enjoying the show tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: DarkTetsuya is pointing out, MikeDef says, found something on our discord.
[SPEAKER_02]: Apparently Taiko Drum and Fun is getting delisted.
[SPEAKER_02]: Really?
[SPEAKER_02]: I wonder if it's music licensing issues, because that's always what seems to kill these games early is that the music is only licensed for two years, three years, however long it's been.
[SPEAKER_02]: Unfortunately, that's what happens sometimes.
[SPEAKER_01]: So I keep seeing more songs being added to that, that mini DDR machine that I don't need.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, they have, was it Rock Beat, In the Navy, The Race, like a whole bunch of, it's like a lot of licensed songs now.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's great.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't know if I want one, but I love the concept.
[SPEAKER_01]: It's a neat idea, but like, no, I don't need that.
[SPEAKER_01]: It would be fun.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, the only reason I would want it is to put an emulator, put Step Mania on it or something like that.
[SPEAKER_01]: But like, there's no real point to do that.
[SPEAKER_01]: Like, there is literally no reason to do that.
[SPEAKER_02]: SSJ100Matt on a different note says we should hear from SAG-AFTRA tomorrow about if they're accepting the studio's quote-unquote best final offer.
[SPEAKER_02]: Isn't this the third final offer the studios have made?
[SPEAKER_02]: Here's the thing.
[SPEAKER_02]: I hope it is a good offer and I hope SAG will accept it, but if it's not a good offer and it doesn't meet what they're looking for and it doesn't get rid of replacing actors with AI, then I fully support SAG-AFTRA kicking it back and saying the strike continues.
[SPEAKER_02]: Don't settle if it's not a fair deal.
[SPEAKER_02]: And definitely don't settle on actor AI stuff, because that that's a huge no.
[SPEAKER_02]: So.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I know.
[SPEAKER_01]: Especially with the whole Scarlett Johansson thing, fighting people like using her likeness for an advertisement.
[SPEAKER_02]: Oh, yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: Tom Hanks had that same thing happen recently.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's not the movie studios, though.
[SPEAKER_02]: That's that's shit advertisers that are doing.
[SPEAKER_01]: Right.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_01]: I understand that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is a gross thing.
[SPEAKER_01]: Yeah, it's still just big, you know, it's, you know, if individuals are doing that, you know, studios might go, yeah, that's an interesting idea.
[SPEAKER_02]: It is DarkSakura is calling out fuck the deep fakes, which yeah, that's unfortunately this world we live in.
[SPEAKER_02]: We have to, we have to train our kids how to spot deep fakes like that if we're not already, because that's the kind of world we're living in.
[SPEAKER_02]: Unfortunately, it's just wild.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, um, but yeah, hopefully, hopefully it is the fair deal that SAG-AFTRA was looking for.
[SPEAKER_02]: But if it isn't, they shouldn't settle.
[SPEAKER_02]: But I know there are a lot of actors that would like to get back to work.
[SPEAKER_02]: But also, you know, don't go, don't go back if it's not a fair deal.
[SPEAKER_02]: Alright, um...
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're gonna wrap up.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're gonna get on out of here for the night.
[SPEAKER_02]: Thank you so much for listening to Orange Knowledge Radio and staying up with our show tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: It might have been a different time for some of you to a daylight savings having ended in the States, which is I hate this time of year because now it gets dark at five o'clock.
[SPEAKER_02]: Some people like it.
[SPEAKER_02]: I don't.
[SPEAKER_02]: I guess it's all right when the Christmas lights start coming on or that those sorts of things, but I'm just not a fan of early nights because it kind of kills my
[SPEAKER_02]: walking you know it's some of the places i like to go walking i don't like to go walking at night so it kind of kills a lot of that so that's all that's my opinion uh anyway that's gonna do it for our show tonight if you enjoyed what you heard here at orange lounge radio please tell a friend or two about the show help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice we need more voices to put out here on air so tell a friend or two a nice five star review on a site like itunes spotify or wherever it is you found this show goes an awful long way so we appreciate all of that
[SPEAKER_02]: Um, DarkSakura, I think you said you're gonna stream, but you're gonna stream a little quietly tonight.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I will go to you first if you have any final thoughts for our listeners tonight before you head on out.
[SPEAKER_04]: So, um, I'm probably gonna play killer.
[SPEAKER_04]: Um, and but if anybody wants to pop on and play some survivor with me and talk for me, I wouldn't say no.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I'm just gonna play.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm gonna see what happens.
[SPEAKER_04]: We're gonna be silly.
[SPEAKER_04]: We're gonna vibe.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, well, have fun doing your thing, Jamie.
[SPEAKER_02]: We'll talk to you later.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hopefully we do get to talk to you again next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Feel better.
[SPEAKER_02]: All right, well, with that, we'll go to Loki.
[SPEAKER_02]: What's your final thought tonight?
[SPEAKER_01]: My final thought is I'm just gonna be working on more content stuff to keep busy with that.
[SPEAKER_01]: And then, yeah, that's it.
[SPEAKER_02]: Awesome.
[SPEAKER_02]: My final thought, I'm kind of busy this week with personal obligations, but I should be streaming tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_02]: So check that out over on my personal channel, Twitch TV, Rob Roberts.
[SPEAKER_02]: Hopefully a little bit this weekend as well.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's actually only a four-day week for me this week because Veterans Day is observed on Friday.
[SPEAKER_02]: So thank you, veterans, for all that you do.
[SPEAKER_02]: So if we happen to have any that are listening to the show, thank you very much for that.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's not just a holiday, but it is nice to have that for sure, of course.
[SPEAKER_02]: Monday I'll probably be doing something else though, I'm probably going back to Pokemon Scarlet.
[SPEAKER_02]: Just a quick personal note, Shane and I were streaming that game together
[SPEAKER_02]: But for personal reasons, he's let his Nintendo Online go.
[SPEAKER_02]: So he'll probably still be there when I stream it, but we're not going to be playing together.
[SPEAKER_02]: We're just I'm just going to make my way through the rest of the game and beat it already, because I've tried like twice now to get through that game and I haven't yet.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I'd like to beat it.
[SPEAKER_02]: So we'll be probably working on that on Monday and then probably more Diablo, more Mario Wonder and all these other games I got to catch up on because there's just been too much this year.
[SPEAKER_02]: Anyway, thank you all again for listening to our show tonight and hanging with us whether it was on the podcast feed or here live on Twitch.
[SPEAKER_02]: We appreciate you and we hope you all have a wonderful week.
[SPEAKER_02]: We will see you in seven days to do it all again.
[SPEAKER_02]: Until next week.
[SPEAKER_02]: Bye bye.
[SPEAKER_00]: You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
[SPEAKER_00]: Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
[SPEAKER_00]: Join us for our live show.
[SPEAKER_00]: Tune in to vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6pm Pacific, 9pm Eastern.
[SPEAKER_00]: The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio nor VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.